1. GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS
It is the policy of the 3316 Songs App to immediately suspend access to content that is
subject to complaint while that complaint is verified. This is also in accordance with the Electronic
Communications Act 2000 and EU Copyright Directive 2001.
Although all efforts have been made to ensure that material that infringes the law will not be present
on the 3316 Songs App’s website, the risk cannot be entirely eliminated. A variety of
measures should be taken to minimise and manage risk including the publication and implementation
of a 'notice and takedown' policy.
The 'notice and takedown' policy will be published prominently on the 3316 Songs App’s
website and service. It will provide clear instructions on how to make a complaint (see below). These
instructions will include:
 Contact details for the officer responsible for administering complaints
 A template for notifying Yusra Irfan, Management Information Co-ordinator of the complaint
and associated guidelines (below)
2. TAKE DOWN NOTICE {TO BE DISPLAYED ON THE ACADEMY’S WEBSITE}
“TAKE DOWN NOTICE
In the event that you are the owner of the copyright in any of the material on this website and do not
consent to the use of your material in accordance with the terms and conditions of use of this website,
please contact us providing the information requested below and we will withdraw your material from
our website forthwith on receipt of your written objection and proof of ownership.
In order to process your complaint, please provide the information required using the following
template.
This template should be used to document your complaint which should then be addressed to the
Management Information Co-ordinator at the following email address: yirfan3@uwo.ca
Your complaint will be acknowledged within 3 working days of receipt. 
2
To: Yusra Irfan, Management Information Co-ordinator yirfan3@uwo.ca
From: [Name, address, telephone number and email address of complainant.
Reference: [Title and unique identifier to which complaint refers.] (subject of complaint).
1) Infringement of copyright/author's rights/related rights.
a) The following material is protected in the UK, Europe and in South America by intellectual property
law.
i) [Describe the protected material in as much detail as possible so that the specific content,
edition and format may be readily identified. Indicate the category for protection under
intellectual property law (e.g. original literary, dramatic or musical work, software). Specify
exactly the extent of use, e.g. by quoting text that has been reproduced] (The Protected
Material).
b) i) I/we own or am authorised to represent the owner of intellectual property rights in the
protected material.
ii) I am the creator of and thus have moral rights in the protected material.
c) I/we hereby give notice of:
i) Unauthorised use by reason of reproduction and/or making available the protected material;
and/or
ii) Breach of the moral right of [paternity/integrity/right not to have my work subjected to
derogatory treatment].
2) A complaint on grounds other than copyright and/or related rights.
a) [Specify the nature of the complaint e.g. defamation, breach of confidence, data protection.]
b) [Specify the law that is alleged to have been infringed].
c) [Describe the infringing content in as much detail as possible e.g. by quoting or otherwise identifying
the specific content].
d) [Explain the nature of the infringement with regard to the applicable law, e.g. that an individual may
reliably be identified and thus data protection legislation has been breached.]
3) I/we hereby request, with reference to the subject of this complaint, you:
a) Remove it from the website; and
i) Cease further use of the material; and
ii) Withdraw from circulation any materials that include it.
4) I/we request that you notify me/us when you have complied with my/our request in section 3 above.
5) I/we attach/direct you to the following additional information which supports my complaint:
6) In relation to my/our complaint, I/we also inform you [any other relevant information including e.g.
other steps taken to protect my rights].
3
7) The information contained in this notice is accurate and I believe, with good faith, that the
publication, distribution and reproduction of the material described in section 1 is not authorised by the
rightsholder, the rightsholder's agent or the law and/or infringes the law as described in section 2
above.
8) This notice is given to you without prejudice to any other communication or correspondence relating
to the protected rights or any other right.
 
